Update tikv-configuration-file.md (#6180)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

+ Default value: `"1s"`
+ Minimum value: `0`

### `raft-client-queue-size`

> + Specifies the queue size of the Raft messages. If too many messages not sent in time result in a full buffer, or messages discarded, you can specify a greater value to increase stability of the system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Specifies the queue size of the Raft messages in TiKV. If too many messages not sent in time result in a full buffer, or messages discarded, you can specify a greater value to improve system stability. 
```

> + Default value: 8192

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Default value: `8192`
```

+ Default value: `1`
+ Minimum value: greater than `0`

### `cmd-batch`

> + Controls whether to enable batch processing of the requests. It can significantly improve the write performance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Controls whether to enable batch processing of the requests. When it is enabled, the write performance is significantly improved. 
```

> + Default value: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Default value: `true`
```
